README.md, before:

<!-- <img align="right" height="250" alt="GIF" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/cd/59/d6/cd59d626dc86397fe45080e6e9c7027d.gif" /> -->

<!-- ```python
    __               __    __            
   / /_  _______  __/ /_  / /___  _______
  / __ \/ ___/ / / / __ \/ __/ / / / ___/
 / /_/ / /  / /_/ / / / / /_/ /_/ (__  ) 
/_.___/_/   \__,_/_/ /_/\__/\__,_/____/  
                                         
``` -->

<!-- > i go normal from time to time 👌 <br>
> Q: social media? <br>
> A: [¯\_(ツ)_/¯](https://linktr.ee/bruhtus) -->
<p align="center">
<code>
everything in my repo comes bundled with failures
</code>
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bruhtus&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&title_color=81a1c1&icon_color=81a1c1&text_color=22a0f4&bg_color=00000000&count_private=true&theme=default">
<img width="362" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bruhtus&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&title_color=81a1c1&icon_color=81a1c1&text_color=22a0f4&bg_color=00000000&count_private=true&theme=default" />
</a>
</p>
<!-- <a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bruhtus&layout=compact&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&text_color=22a0f4&bg_color=00000000&count_private=true&theme=default">
<img width="340" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bruhtus&layout=compact&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&text_color=22a0f4&bg_color=00000000&count_private=true&theme=default" />
<a/> -->
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/gnu/linux-and-gnu.html">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-GNU/Linux-blue"
alt="Platform: GNU/Linux" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/neovim/neovim">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/editor-nvim-blue" alt="Editor: nvim">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/bruhtus">
<img src="https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=bruhtus.visitor-badge"
alt="Visitor" />
</a>
</p>
<!-- [![GitHub Game of Life](https://github4life.herokuapp.com/bruhtus.gif?z=6)](https://github4life.herokuapp.com/bruhtus) -->
<hr/>
<p align="center">
<code>
if life didn't get in the way of my side project(s), what would i have to blame for not finishing it?
</code>
</p>

### Shell stuff
- [Pyv](https://github.com/bruhtus/pyv) - Minimalist python venv management tool
- [Scripts](https://github.com/bruhtus/scripts) - Collections of experimental shell script

### Vim stuff
- [Vim-possession](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-possession) - Flexible vim session management
- [Vim-como](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-como) - Copy or move one line in vim without hassle
- [Vim-groot](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-groot) - Toggle between git root and file directory as current working directory in vim
- [Vim-peek](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-peek) - Take a peek at given line number in vim
- [Vim-simpsplit](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-simpsplit) - Simple vim split management
- [Vim-simpmark](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-simpmark) - Simple vim plugin to manage mark
- [Vim-simpbuf](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-simpbuf) - Simple vim buffer management

### Python stuff
- [Pavement_distress_ssd](https://github.com/bruhtus/pavement_distress_ssd) - Implementation of SSD in pytorch to classify pavement distress on video
- [Instasaver](https://github.com/bruhtus/instasaver) - Save instagram photos or videos from non-private profile

### Personal stuff
- [Dotfiles](https://github.com/bruhtus/dotfiles) - My GNU/Linux package config and shell script that I use
- [Dotfiles/.config/nvim](https://github.com/bruhtus/dotfiles/tree/master/.config/nvim) - My neovim config
- [Vimrc](https://github.com/bruhtus/vimrc) - Minimalist version of my neovim config
- [Package-backup](https://github.com/bruhtus/package-backup) - Arch linux package that I use
- [Resume](https://bruhtus.github.io/resume/) - My resume

Commit message:

docs(react native): add to-do app

README.md, after:

<!-- <img align="right" height="250" alt="GIF" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/cd/59/d6/cd59d626dc86397fe45080e6e9c7027d.gif" /> -->

<!-- ```python
    __               __    __            
   / /_  _______  __/ /_  / /___  _______
  / __ \/ ___/ / / / __ \/ __/ / / / ___/
 / /_/ / /  / /_/ / / / / /_/ /_/ (__  ) 
/_.___/_/   \__,_/_/ /_/\__/\__,_/____/  
                                         
``` -->

<!-- > i go normal from time to time 👌 <br>
> Q: social media? <br>
> A: [¯\_(ツ)_/¯](https://linktr.ee/bruhtus) -->
<p align="center">
<code>
everything in my repo comes bundled with failures
</code>
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bruhtus&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&title_color=81a1c1&icon_color=81a1c1&text_color=22a0f4&bg_color=00000000&count_private=true&theme=default">
<img width="362" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bruhtus&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&title_color=81a1c1&icon_color=81a1c1&text_color=22a0f4&bg_color=00000000&count_private=true&theme=default" />
</a>
</p>
<!-- <a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bruhtus&layout=compact&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&text_color=22a0f4&bg_color=00000000&count_private=true&theme=default">
<img width="340" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bruhtus&layout=compact&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&text_color=22a0f4&bg_color=00000000&count_private=true&theme=default" />
<a/> -->
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/gnu/linux-and-gnu.html">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-GNU/Linux-blue"
alt="Platform: GNU/Linux" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/neovim/neovim">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/editor-nvim-blue" alt="Editor: nvim">
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/bruhtus">
<img src="https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=bruhtus.visitor-badge"
alt="Visitor" />
</a>
</p>
<!-- [![GitHub Game of Life](https://github4life.herokuapp.com/bruhtus.gif?z=6)](https://github4life.herokuapp.com/bruhtus) -->
<hr/>
<p align="center">
<code>
if life didn't get in the way of my side project(s), what would i have to blame for not finishing it?
</code>
</p>

### Shell stuff
- [Pyv](https://github.com/bruhtus/pyv) - Minimalist python venv management tool
- [Scripts](https://github.com/bruhtus/scripts) - Collections of experimental shell script

### Vim stuff
- [Vim-possession](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-possession) - Flexible vim session management
- [Vim-como](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-como) - Copy or move one line in vim without hassle
- [Vim-groot](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-groot) - Toggle between git root and file directory as current working directory in vim
- [Vim-peek](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-peek) - Take a peek at given line number in vim
- [Vim-simpsplit](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-simpsplit) - Simple vim split management
- [Vim-simpmark](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-simpmark) - Simple vim plugin to manage mark
- [Vim-simpbuf](https://github.com/bruhtus/vim-simpbuf) - Simple vim buffer management

### Python stuff
- [Pavement_distress_ssd](https://github.com/bruhtus/pavement_distress_ssd) - Implementation of SSD in pytorch to classify pavement distress on video
- [Instasaver](https://github.com/bruhtus/instasaver) - Save instagram photos or videos from non-private profile

### React native stuff
- [Simple to-do app](https://github.com/bruhtus/simple-rn-todo-app) - To-do app with only basic component of react native

### Personal stuff
- [Dotfiles](https://github.com/bruhtus/dotfiles) - My GNU/Linux package config and shell script that I use
- [Dotfiles/.config/nvim](https://github.com/bruhtus/dotfiles/tree/master/.config/nvim) - My neovim config
- [Vimrc](https://github.com/bruhtus/vimrc) - Minimalist version of my neovim config
- [Package-backup](https://github.com/bruhtus/package-backup) - Arch linux package that I use
- [Resume](https://bruhtus.github.io/resume/) - My resume
